in this mess
of paris emulate our imperfections
eliminate to the effect
correct the situation and apply different adjustments to improve them
we will learn to use the pinter corrector income first
can help there are so many things between them to eliminate cracks
the elm caudo
and even eliminate intersections that displease us
for example let's eliminate this stain
jar with greater comfort
the first thing will be to adjust the size of the brush to adapt it to the area to be treated
than the clone buffer but
2 much more effective
rafa paint copied to the texture and brightness of the target area
to select the clone area press the alt key and click on it
regret removing the affected area
we have always declared that we want to keep pressing the key again
high
we will act in this stable way retouched the image completely
as it is
a tool that will help us eliminate the
allows you to configure private
darkening that will change the color of the eye
Carry the iris of the eye using the mouse cursor
we will repeat the same action in the right eye
this when
they are with sufficient intensity
we will click on image
levels
the level adjustments dialog
or will be adjusting the black and white levels of ready image range
January 2 white the gray of
To do this click on black dropper
we have the gray or intermediate color of the image to take this as
average reference
when colors that have convinced pulsed that he
the image is now shown with purer and cleaner colors
mask dialog forum
52 2%
yes you to the ray of the anc
by focus between 1
two pixels
and the threshold of
spy 20 pixels
Click here
hernán cheyre cons
using these guides you can modify the brightness and contrast of the image
moss modify the balance of magic corners
Especially recommended for photographs that
Part of the color film and they look very yellow city theme
time this track
same as in the previous dialog box, use the 10
the colors of the image
shadows and lighting
nation
hard scratch diets
lessons
besides having seen different commands
they greet fairytale slogans